Speak, all right with you today.
teach ailton lost hair from
miguel veloso you saw here in
youtube and talking on youtube at
comments during the video will pass the
comments from you from the latest videos
as a form of thanks and already
thank you also the air people
which is the official sponsor of the
Little prince movie he sent a
invitation so that I can go check the
film where they sponsor is producer and
by staying quickly explains also that
above but I will leave more details there
on the way to censorship point where and how you
you can make a more similar cut
with that player is the following or Miguel
veloso he has a hair under kant alone
which give you some personal touches
it cuts the short hair p in the part of
behind and let the fringe see the secret
of any hairstyle taught here and
of any man you have asked for
here is always cut shorter in part
from behind and left and the
evidence was shorter than hair
always leave a little bump because
This will leave your hairstyle beyond
of the most versatile modern you can go
making hair stuck there
Make Hair Messy And How Do You
You can make those hairstyles that I
I taught here using many ointments
the difference between the scene and the
ointment ointment you can model
another hair now will you
can either be deferred wire or not
so cool to use to model the
because to model the hair or
whether you're going to use a lot of
majority of Brazilian men due to
our climate is has a hair is
tends to be oily so use a
ointment and gentle attachment when you
not want to model all the more so is to take a
volume average fixation strong
when you go there and do a hairstyle
like this if you do not have a region
of fastening
you can use an ointment
softening and in the end there is playing a
hair spray
So how did I tell you the hair?
his is an attacker is here in case I
I scraped one here because I like that my
hair grows with volume so it's something
which is a personal touch and you speak to
same thing my hair then he is out
miguel fleecy hair volume is
in being messy in the back and
still have a tuft so I'll spend a
little bit of ointment
another question you always ask
alex has tutorial because you spend
ointment before the total you spend
the average hair when
brushing a Japanese conduit
with precision I already use the ointment to
do not need to model after not
It's just like short hair that I go
Then I'll use the ointment more
sleeps here to get easier and gives
a volume in my hair because it is
short and said he is without volume and a
hair on which is medium you will not
stay model after confirmed that he
will look that dirty and
Let's know I do not know if it's a
very cool word to be used then
before it's taken in my long
you will then spread a little
ointment that just so you have a volume
more in the hair so his hair is a
merchant and about here to
area in the division I have done so far from my
entrance to get something cool
then you come talk a little bit only
a little bit even in this
moment and voice of drying house you do not
You like to use dryer or do not have the
dryer in your home you can do the
next throw your hair forward already
that he is short and his hair was iso
throw your hair forward and let
dry naturally and you will make a
The step that I will do after I want to
the tool of my hair
Remembering there you have a dryer you
will have a facility in making a
volume of tuft because you go
able to play back here just like me
I'm doing this. Seeing that a little bit of
that you are already giving a volume in the
hair then can already play on the hair
back if you are going to use the dryer
you saw that with the ointment and a
hairdryer is not good looking
because of the cut so it does not have much
Secret the secret is now coming with the
ointment you will now model the
hair and gives the hair to jogadinha
ahead and will play a little to france
now to be able to give a volume and the same
you will do here on trumpet legal
short hair is that you can
to be delicious with lots of
facility
so if you like hair there
stylish does not have the patience to stay
brushing like medical hair I had
a previous videos a hair like
that
he is super versatile he looks like he 's already
hair similar to that of miguel veloso
turn up a volume here because I
have an entry is not so because
It looks so cool.
he let the wires so the fallen
purposely and gives a little play
aside and if you see the hair here
stuck attracting is standing out the
Tuff gives a low
hence this type of modeling you will see
then what fits best in your style
because it's cool to be inspired but also there
leave your touch of style then as
You can see it is very simple to do.
cutting and also modeling hair
of the player miguel veloso and if you have
any tips and suggestions for
next videos here
comments if you want to appear in the
next videos can do the same
also pass our social networks that
fashion censorship fashion for twitter do
instagram and facebook.com there to our
fan page
Do not forget to let your tan there.
to promote our dissemination and
See you next time, more.